change strategy
  when an intention differs from an expectation, a change strategy will either be automatically computed, or manually entered in,
  and sometimes needs to be approved before being executed. 
  after successful execution, the expectation will be updated with the new value

dependency 
  a prop may depend on many other props
  dependencies are grouped into dep groups
    each dep group have a minimum requirement of specific values

expectation status
  G matches
  Y doesn't match, will auto-fix
  R doesn't match, can't auto-fix

intention status
  X pending approval
  G immediate approval: can proceed with the change now
  Y delayed approval: will need to wait until a certain time window
  R rejected: will never be allowed

prop 
  has a name which may the same as other properties
    in which case the only way to distinguish it is by property group
  can have sub-properties
  if there is no observer defined and it has sub-properties, status is worst of sub-prop status
  has intention, expectation, and observation

property class
  the class of a property determines 
    how it will be observed
    what properties it depends on
    how it can be fixed
    how it is installed
    what it's implications are

property status
  how well the observed value of a property matches it's expected value
  service up intention:
  color:
    V violet - no issues: service unused / idle. 
    I indigo - no issues: service less than 1/16 usage
    B blue - no issues: performing far above the required levels, lots of resources to spare (1/16 .. 1/4 capacity)
    G green - no issues: within normal operating levels (1/4 .. 3/4 capacity)
    Y yellow - minor issues: below required levels / over capacity, but still functional. Will need to address this issue eventually.
    O orange - major issues: significantly below required performance levels, rare failures happening, but still mostly functional. 
    M flashing orange - major issues: monitoring is failing or unavailable. Status unknown.
    R red - critical issues: services are down or frequently failing. Or missing a critical resource.
    ! flashing red - super critical issue: catastrophic failure

  severity:
    0 - no issues (violet, indigo, blue, green)
    1 - minor (yellow): issues that will need attending to eventually
    2 - major (orange, grey): issues that need immediate attention before failure happens
    3 - critical (red): failure has happened
    4 - super critical (flashing red): something worse than an outage has occurred

  service down intention:
    G service is down
    R service is up

property value
  may be manually or automatically observed  

resource consumer
  a property which needs a certain type of resource. May be manually or automatically provisioned

resource provider
  a property which contains resources which may be automatically or manually provisioned to another property.
  
user
  may represent a human or a special automation user

user group
  controls permissions that users belonging to the group have
  may be nested


