change strategy
  when an intention differs from an expectation, a change strategy will either be automatically computed, or manually entered in,
  and sometimes needs to be approved before being executed. 
  after successful execution, the expectation will be updated with the new value

dependency 
  a prop may depend on many other props
  dependencies are grouped into dep groups
    each dep group have a minimum requirement of specific values

dependency level
  for a prop class, it has dependencies that fit one of the following levels:
    exported  child prop is inside of the parent prop, but is available externally by a certain name
    hidden    child prop is inside of the parent prop, but can't be accessed outside
    outer     child prop is outside of parent prop
    needs     depends on a resource
    provides  generates a resource

dependency type
  config
    config -> config
    calc -> config
    calc -> calc
    calc -> service
    calc -> state
  service
    service -> config
    service -> calc
    service -> service
    service -> state

expectation status
  G matches
  Y doesn't match, will auto-fix
  R doesn't match, can't auto-fix

fix strategy
  when an observation differs from an expectation, a fix strategy is needed.

freshness
  can be either stale or fresh, based on whether the latest config changes are in effect on this service.

implication
  an intention that is implied by a proposal. Used to determine resolved intentions. 

intention status
  X pending approval
  G immediate approval: can proceed with the change now
  Y delayed approval: will need to wait until a certain time window
  R rejected: will never be allowed

prop 
  has a name which may the same as other properties
    in which case the only way to distinguish it is by property group
  can have sub-properties
  if there is no observer defined and it has sub-properties, status is worst of sub-prop status
  has intention, expectation, and observation

property class
  the class of a property determines 
    how it will be observed
    what properties it depends on
    how it can be fixed
    how it is installed
    what it's implications are

property status
  how well the observed value of a property matches it's expected value
  service up intention:
  color:
    V violet - no issues: service unused / idle. 
    I indigo - no issues: service less than 1/16 usage
    B blue - no issues: performing far above the required levels, lots of resources to spare (1/16 .. 1/4 capacity)
    G green - no issues: within normal operating levels (1/4 .. 3/4 capacity)
    Y yellow - minor issues: below required levels / over capacity, config out of date, but still functional. Will need to address this issue eventually. 
    O orange - major issues: significantly below required performance levels, rare failures happening, but still mostly functional. 
    M flashing orange - major issues: monitoring is failing or unavailable. Status unknown.
    R red - critical issues: services are down or frequently failing. Or missing a critical resource.
    ! flashing red - super critical issue: catastrophic failure

  severity:
    0 - no issues (violet, indigo, blue, green)
    1 - minor (yellow): issues that will need attending to eventually
    2 - major (orange, grey): issues that need immediate attention before failure happens
    3 - critical (red): failure has happened
    4 - super critical (flashing red): something worse than an outage has occurred

  service down intention:
    G service is down
    R service is up

property type
  config      represents information that exists only in the db, and doesn't affect anything on a host unless something depends on it
              intention = expectation = observation
  service     represents something that stays running. Prop value is one of: up, down, clean
  state       represents something that is changed once. ex: file permission, user existence.
  calculation takes config and calculates another config which can be used by other services. Recalculated whenever sources change.
              intention optional

property value
  may be manually or automatically observed  

proposal
  a user specific request that, if approved and not contradicted, will become an intention.

resource consumer
  a property which needs a certain type of resource. May be manually or automatically provisioned

resource provider
  a property which contains resources which may be automatically or manually provisioned to another property.
  
user
  may represent a human or a special automation user

user group
  controls permissions that users belonging to the group have
  may be nested


